c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\Salta.Data.dll
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\Salta.Data.pdb
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\Crc32C.NET.dll
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\SharpCompress.dll
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\Snappy.NET.dll
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\Crc32C.NET.xml
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\Snappy.NET.xml
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\obj\Debug\Salta.Data.dll
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\obj\Debug\Salta.Data.pdb
c:\users\lucho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Salta\Salta.Data\obj\Debug\Salta.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
